Startup:
Make sure you at least have Cheat Engine 7.0 before using this table. Go to "Settings" in Cheat Engine, go to "Scan Settings", and make sure the "MEM_MAPPED" checkbox is checked.
Make sure you're on v1.05 of JJBA: EoH. Otherwise, the table might not work.
First off, click "Yes to all" on the Cheat Engine dialog to run the Lua Script. This seems to help prevent some crashing. Next, hook RPCS3 (not the window that shows the game, but the tool GUI).
The scripts in this table work the best when the emulator is first started, so restart the emulator and the game to begin usage.

Character Addresses:
To use the Find Battle Character Addresses Script, select Giorno Giovanni and then select your partner. Activate the script. If Player 1 Character Address shows Giorno Giovanni as the value, you did everything right. You can now modify the characters. You modify the characters by clicking the value, opening a dropdown list, and selecting a character. The script will need to be deactivated and reactivated after the game ends. To do this properly, check to see if the character addresses are still valid by selecting Kosaku Kawajiri as your character and then selecting a partner after the first game ends. If Kosaku Kawajiri isn't the value for the Player 1 character address, deactivate the script. Then, go back and change your character to Giorno Giovanni and select a partner. Enable the script. If Player 1 Character Address shows Giorno Giovanni as the value, you did everything right. If this is repeated properly, you'll be able to modify your in-game character after each game ends without crashing the game. This script works for both Story Mode and Free Battle. Your team can have two of the same characters. However, if the enemy team has two of the same characters, the game crashes. If your partner is Heaven Ascension DIO, he won't move. If any of your enemies is Heaven Ascension DIO, the game will crash. Characters that aren't chosen yet in the menu have a character value of Unselected. Freezing a character to Unselected when going into the game will crash the game. Setting character values to invalid values will crash the game. While in the stage selection menu or in-game, character values in the table might either say invalid or different characters that weren't chosen. This is because this memory area is deallocated in this time, so the discrepancy should be disregarded.
To use the Find Overworld Character Address Script, click Triangle and then select a character different from your current one. Then, select Giorno Giovanni. After this, activate the script. If the script worked properly, you'll see Giorno Giovanni as your character value. You can change your character to anything you like now, including non-selectable characters like villains and Heaven Ascension DIO. Once you get finished with a modded overworld character, disable the script. After that, save and quit and load back into campaign. If you don't do this, you may end up deleting the characters you've unlocked in Story Mode or corrupting your save game.
You might find at times whenever these scripts are activated the proper character doesn't show or the change isn't reflected in-game. Either restart the emulator and game or repeated check and uncheck the Find Character Script boxes until it does work. The game creates multiple copies of character addresses for some reason...

Find HP Addresses:
Go into a game and enable the script. Then, freeze any character's health that you don't want to die. They should be invincible until the game ends. To instantly kill a person, set their health to zero. Whenever the game ends, unfreeze everyone's health values. Whenever you get out of the game, uncheck the Find HP Addresses script box.

Player 1 R1 Timers:
The R1 button is one of your character's special attacks. The Find R1 Timer scripts helps you to find the recharge timer for your character's attack, allowing you to immediately fill the timer and freeze it in place. This sometimes allows special abilities to last forever if the value is frozen, as in the cases of Jotaro, DIO, Diego, and the Pillar Men. Instant R1 charge works for Jotaro, Diego, DIO, Giorno, Polnareff, Diavolo, Weather Report, Vanilla Ice, Wamuu, Kars, and Esidisi. While you're in-game, simply enable the script pertaining to your character and then set the timer value to 31300. If this doesn't work, uncheck the script box and recheck it to try again. This is because other players in the game might have the same character as you and the script might find their timer before yours. Different scripts are needed for different characters because they have unique signatures. Also, I only made R1 timer scripts for characters I thought had a long recharge rate.

Find Dual Addresses:
Go into a game and enable the script. Set the DHA Address to 3 and the Dual Mode Address to 4 and freeze both addresses. You now have infinite Dual Heat Attack and Dual Combo Modes. Whenever the game ends, unfreeze the addresses and disable the script.

Find Player 1 Energy Address:
The Energy bar lets you do things like dodge and dash. Enable this script the second the game starts and freeze the value to have infinite energy. Whenever the game ends, unfreeze the addresses and disable the script.

Notes:
The cheat table may randomly crash the game, especially if you repeatedly check and uncheck the Find X Script Boxes.
Uncheck the address boxes before each game ends or the game may crash.